README.md, before:

What is it?
-----------

Reddit Monitor is a small Python and GTK+ program to notifiy you if you have a
new private message or comment reply on [reddit](http://reddit.com/). It also
comes with a small Python script to allow you to display your reddit karma and
number of new messages in [conky](http://conky.sourceforge.net/) or in a
terminal.

Reddit Monitor is distributed under the terms of the
[GNU GPL version 3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).


Authors
-------

[Phillip (Philluminati) Taylor](http://github.com/PhillipTaylor)

[David Keogh](http://github.com/davekeogh)

[Chromakode](http://github.com/chromakode)


Build Dependencies
------------------

    python-dev                  2.x
    python-gtk2-dev             2.12


Dependencies
------------

    python                      2.x
    python-gtk2                 2.12        
    python-simplejson           ?           Included as part of Python 2.6
    

Optional Dependencies
---------------------

    python-gnome2-extras        2.19.1      More featureful tray icon
    python-notify               0.1.x       Display pop-up notifications
    gnome-keyring               2.x         Save username & password
    xdg-utils                   1.0.x       Open the prefered web browser


How to get it?
--------------

The latest stable version of Reddit Monitor can always be found here:
    
[http://github.com/davekeogh/reddit_monitor/downloads](http://github.com/davekeogh/reddit_monitor/downloads)

The development version can be checked out with this command:
    
    git clone git://github.com/davekeogh/reddit_monitor.git


Installation
------------

Ubuntu users can do the following:

    tar xzf reddit_monitor-0.1.0.tar.gz
    cd reddit_monitor-0.1.0
    python setup.py build
    sudo python setup.py install --install-layout=deb --prefix=/usr



Everyone else, something similar to the following should work for you:

    tar xzf reddit_monitor-0.1.0.tar.gz
    cd reddit_monitor-0.1.0
    python setup.py build
    python setup.py install


How to report bugs?
-------------------

You can add bug reports, patches, or feature requests to the issue tracker:

[http://github.com/davekeogh/reddit_monitor/issues](http://github.com/davekeogh/reddit_monitor/issues)

Commit message:

Add a disclaimer about the minimum versions of dependencies

README.md, after:

What is it?
-----------

Reddit Monitor is a small Python and GTK+ program to notifiy you if you have a
new private message or comment reply on [reddit](http://reddit.com/). It also
comes with a small Python script to allow you to display your reddit karma and
number of new messages in [conky](http://conky.sourceforge.net/) or in a
terminal.

Reddit Monitor is distributed under the terms of the
[GNU GPL version 3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).


Authors
-------

[Phillip (Philluminati) Taylor](http://github.com/PhillipTaylor)

[David Keogh](http://github.com/davekeogh)

[Chromakode](http://github.com/chromakode)


Build Dependencies
------------------

    python-dev                  2.x
    python-gtk2-dev             2.12


Dependencies
------------

    python                      2.x
    python-gtk2                 2.12        
    python-simplejson           ?           Included as part of Python 2.6
    

Optional Dependencies
---------------------

    python-gnome2-extras        2.19.1      More featureful tray icon
    python-notify               0.1.x       Display pop-up notifications
    gnome-keyring               2.x         Save username & password
    xdg-utils                   1.0.x       Open the prefered web browser


I'm unsure about the exact minimum versions of most of the dependencies. If you
are unable to run Reddit Monitor for whatever reason, let me know so that I can
look in to it.


How to get it?
--------------

The latest stable version of Reddit Monitor can always be found here:
    
[http://github.com/davekeogh/reddit_monitor/downloads](http://github.com/davekeogh/reddit_monitor/downloads)

The development version can be checked out with this command:
    
    git clone git://github.com/davekeogh/reddit_monitor.git


Installation
------------

Ubuntu users can do the following:

    tar xzf reddit_monitor-0.1.0.tar.gz
    cd reddit_monitor-0.1.0
    python setup.py build
    sudo python setup.py install --install-layout=deb --prefix=/usr



Everyone else, something similar to the following should work for you:

    tar xzf reddit_monitor-0.1.0.tar.gz
    cd reddit_monitor-0.1.0
    python setup.py build
    python setup.py install


How to report bugs?
-------------------

You can add bug reports, patches, or feature requests to the issue tracker:

[http://github.com/davekeogh/reddit_monitor/issues](http://github.com/davekeogh/reddit_monitor/issues)
